Connect from another mobile device and form another network


Thank  youTM  for  that very  kind introduction.
It  is  an  honor  for  me  to  be  the  Contest Chair for _____[club name]________ International Speech Contest.

Chief  Judge TM_______,Respected  Panel  of  Judges, Contest  officials,  Contestants,  Fellow  Toastmasters  and  Distinguished  Guests.  Good afternoonand  a  very  warm welcome to each one of you.

A 50-70 word inspiring opening or story

The Purpose of the International Speech Contest is 
To provide the participants an opportunity to improve their speaking skills
To provide an opportunity to learn by observing the more proficient speakers who have benefited from their Toastmasters training

This  contest  is  the  only  contest  that  proceedsbeyond  the  District, to  the  region quarterfinal, semifinal and all the way to the finals of the World Championship of Public Speaking. 

All  the  contestants have  met  the  eligibility  criteria,  which is “to  be  a  member  in good standingofa  club  of  goodstanding”andtohave  completed  6  projects  from  the Competent  Communications  Manualor  Level  1  and  2  of  any one  unique path  in  the Toastmasters  Pathways  learning  experience.

All contestants  havebeen  briefed  about the rules and timings of the contest.

Timing will begin with the Contestant’s first definite verbal or non-verbal communication with the audience.The  time  allotted  is  5  to  7  minutes.  There  will  be  a  grace  period  of  30  seconds. Speakers  speaking  for  less  than  4  minutes  30  seconds  or  more  than  7  minutes  30 seconds will be disqualified.
Thegreen card will be displayedat five minutes and will remain displayedfor one minute. 
The Yellow  Cardwill  be displayedat  six  minutes  and will remain  displayedfor one minute. 
The Red Cardwill be displayedat seven minutes and will remain displayeduntil the speech has concluded. No signal will be given for the overtime period.
In case of a fault in the timing device, an additional 30 seconds will be allowed for the speaker.

There  will  be  a  one  minute  interval  between  speeches  for  the  judges  to  mark  their ballots.

After  all  the  contestants  have  finished  their  speeches,  a  three  minute  silence  will  be observed,  to  enable  the  judges  to  total  their  scores  and  hand  over  their  ballots  to the ballot counters. 

The  Speaking  order  of  the  contestants  has  been  determined  and  the  Speaking  Area defined. 
The Speaking order is:1.........name.....spelling......name2. .......name......spelling.......name
Spell 1st name
no dtm or tm

Announcement of the contest winners is final unless the list of winners is announced incorrectly, in which case the chief judge, ballot counters or timers are permitted to immediately interrupt to correct the error.At  this  point  I’d  like  to once  again acknowledge all Contest  officials.Let’s  give  them  a round of applause. 

And now, Timers, please check your timing devices one last time.

May I remind all members present to kindly keep their audio on mute and put their video off thoughout the contest.

I wish all the Contestants the very best.

Chief Judge, are all Contest Officials eligible and have they been briefed?
Can we begin the Contest?